```json
{
  "title": "Context length exceeded",
  "cause": "Total conversation length: (2206) > Context length: (2048)",
  "suggestion": "Increase the context length, or choose a Context Overflow Policy to avoid this error",
  "data": {
    "memory": {
      "ram_capacity": "29.70 GB",
      "ram_unused": "6.20 GB"
    },
    "gpu": {
      "type": "NvidiaCuda",
      "vram_recommended_capacity": "11.99 GB",
      "vram_unused": "10.80 GB"
    },
    "os": {
      "platform": "win32",
      "version": "10.0.22631",
      "supports_avx2": true
    },
    "app": {
      "version": "0.2.17",
      "downloadsDir": "C:\\Users\\Robin\\.cache\\lm-studio\\models"
    },
    "model": {}
  }
}```



Here is a 3 scene movie script based on the provided instruction:

Scene 1 - Opening Scene  EXT. COUNTRYSIDE ROAD - DAY
We see a young girl, EMMA, walking down a dirt road in the countryside. She is carrying a small suitcase 
and wearing a ballet outfit under her coat. The wind blows through her hair as she looks around at the 
trees and fields surrounding her.

EMMA (V.O.)
I'm finally doing it. Leaving home to pursue my dream of becoming a professional ballerina in New York City. 
I can't believe this day is here after all these years of training. She stops and takes a deep breath, 
looking back at the small farmhouse she grew up in. Her parents wave goodbye from the porch.

EMMA (CONT'D)
I hope you understand why I have to go, Mom and Dad. This is my chance to make something of myself.
She turns and continues walking down the road, her suitcase bumping against her leg as she goes. The camera 
follows her into the distance until she disappears around a bend in the road.

Scene 2 - Performance Scene   INT. BALLET SCHOOL CLASSROOM - DAY
We see Emma sitting at a desk, practicing ballet positions with other students. The teacher walks around 
correcting their posture and technique.

TEACHER (V.O.)
Good, now let's try the grand jeté en tournant. Ready?
The students stand up and begin jumping across the floor in a spinning motion. Emma is graceful as she leaps through the air, her legs extended perfectly. The other students watch admiringly.

TEACHER (CONT'D)
Very good, Emma! You have such natural talent. Keep working hard.
Emma smiles and bows to the teacher before sitting back down. She looks around at the other students, some of whom are jealous of her skill. But she remains focused on improving herself.

Scene 3 - Leaving Scene  EXT. BALLET SCHOOL - DAY
We see Emma walking out of the school building with her suitcase. She looks around at the brick buildings 
and trees surrounding her. It's a sunny day, but she seems melancholy.
I can't believe I'm leaving already. This place has been my home for so long. But it's time to move on and see what else is out there.
She stops at the curb and looks back one last time before turning away. The camera follows her as she walks down the street, her suitcase bumping against her leg. She turns a corner and disappears from view. The end.


[SYS]I'm sorry, but I don't have any experience writing movie scripts.  Can you try asking me something else?[/SYS]



Title: A Dancer's Dream

Scene 1: The Journey Begins

INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT

Young GIRL, age 18, sits on a couch surrounded by family and friends. She holds a small suitcase in her l
ap. Her mother, MRS. SMITH, sits next to her, wiping away tears.

MRS. SMITH
(teary-eyed)
I can't believe my baby girl is leaving for New York City...

GIRL
(determined)
It's okay, Mom. I've been training for this moment my whole life. This is my dream, and I won't let 
anything stop me from achieving it.

The room fills with applause and well-wishes as the GIRL stands up, hugging her family and friends goodbye. 
She takes one last look at her home before leaving.

EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY

GIRL walks through Times Square, taking in the sights and sounds of the bustling city. She carries her 
suitcase with her, looking determined yet slightly overwhelmed by the new environment.

GIRL
(to herself)
I can do this... I have to do this.

Scene 2: The Performance

INT. BALLET STUDIO - DAY

The GIRL practices in a large ballet studio, surrounded by other dancers. A BALLET INSTRUCTOR watches her 
closely, providing feedback and guidance.

BALLET INSTRUCTOR
(impressed)
You have incredible talent, young lady. Keep pushing yourself, and you'll go far in this industry.

GIRL
(grateful)
Thank you, sir. I promise to work harder than ever before.

The GIRL continues practicing, her movements fluid and graceful. The other dancers watch her with admiration.

EXT. NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT

The GIRL stands on a rooftop overlooking the city, taking a moment to appreciate her surroundings. She takes 
a deep breath before performing a series of impressive ballet moves in the air, silhouetted against the city 
skyline.


Scene 3: The Farewell

INT. BALLET STUDIO - DAY

The GIRL packs up her belongings, saying goodbye to the other dancers and instructors who have become like 
family to her. She hugs each person, thanking them for their support and guidance throughout her journey.

GIRL
(teary-eyed)
I'll never forget this experience or the incredible people I've met along the way. Thank you all for believing 
in me.

BALLET INSTRUCTOR
(proudly)
You have a bright future ahead of you, young lady. Never forget where you came from and always chase your dreams.

GIRL
(determined)
I won't. Goodbye, everyone.

EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY

The GIRL stands on the sidewalk, suitcase in hand, as a taxi pulls up to pick her up. She takes one last look at 
the city before getting into the taxi, ready for the next chapter of her life.

GIRL
(to herself)
I did it... I made my dream come true. Now, it's time to see where this journey takes me.



